# Raspberry Flavoured - Server Pack Installation


The server pack will stay updated to the latest version of Raspberry Flavoured. Currently, the server pack is for 3.0.2.

## Running a server with console access (packwiz-installer) (recommended)

If you are not using a hosting service and are able to use a system terminal to run `.bat` and `.sh` scripts, this is the best option for you.

1. Create a directory for your server. This should be different than your Minecraft folder.
2. Run `update.sh` (Linux, MacOS) or `update.bat` (Windows) to download the modpack files and install Forge.
3. Run `run.sh` (Linux, MacOS) or `run.bat` (Windows) to start the server.
4. Connect like normal!

If you ever need to update the pack, just repeat the process by running `update.sh` or `update.bat` again.

## Running a server through a hosting provider (Packwiz Server Updater)

If you are using a hosting service, I backported the [Packwiz Server Updater](https://modrinth.com/mod/packwiz-server-updater) mod to Forge 1.19.2 for Raspberry Flavoured.

1. Set up a Forge 1.19.2 server through your preferred host. This will differ depending on your host.
2. Upload the contents of this server pack to your hosting provider via FTP/SFTP.
3. Run the server.
4. Run `packwiz update`. Wait for it to finish downloading, and shut down the server.
5. Remove the `world` folder that was generated by vanilla Minecraft.
6. Launch the server normally.
7. Connect like normal!

If you ever need to update the pack, just repeat the process by running `packwiz update` again.

## Other
Both the server update scripts and the update command do the same thing, so its safe to mix and match as necessary (e.g., if you created the server with console access and uploaded it to a hosting provider, you can run the server update command after installing the needed mods and running the `packwiz link` command in the instructions above.).
